c:\users\hieutrinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewRelicDemo\NewRelicDemo\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\hieutrinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewRelicDemo\NewRelicDemo\bin\NewRelicDemo.dll.config
c:\users\hieutrinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewRelicDemo\NewRelicDemo\bin\NewRelicDemo.dll
c:\users\hieutrinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewRelicDemo\NewRelicDemo\bin\NewRelicDemo.pdb
c:\users\hieutrinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewRelicDemo\NewRelicDemo\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\hieutrinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewRelicDemo\NewRelicDemo\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\hieutrinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewRelicDemo\NewRelicDemo\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\hieutrinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewRelicDemo\NewRelicDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\hieutrinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewRelicDemo\NewRelicDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\hieutrinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewRelicDemo\NewRelicDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\hieutrinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewRelicDemo\NewRelicDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\hieutrinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewRelicDemo\NewRelicDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\hieutrinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewRelicDemo\NewRelicDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\hieutrinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewRelicDemo\NewRelicDemo\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\hieutrinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewRelicDemo\NewRelicDemo\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\hieutrinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewRelicDemo\NewRelicDemo\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\hieutrinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewRelicDemo\NewRelicDemo\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\hieutrinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewRelicDemo\NewRelicDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\hieutrinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewRelicDemo\NewRelicDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\hieutrinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewRelicDemo\NewRelicDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\hieutrinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewRelicDemo\NewRelicDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\hieutrinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewRelicDemo\NewRelicDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\hieutrinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewRelicDemo\NewRelicDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\hieutrinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewRelicDemo\NewRelicDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\hieutrinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewRelicDemo\NewRelicDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\hieutrinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewRelicDemo\NewRelicDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\hieutrinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewRelicDemo\NewRelicDemo\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\hieutrinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewRelicDemo\NewRelicDemo\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\hieutrinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewRelicDemo\NewRelicDemo\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\hieutrinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewRelicDemo\NewRelicDemo\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\hieutrinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewRelicDemo\NewRelicDemo\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\hieutrinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewRelicDemo\NewRelicDemo\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\hieutrinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewRelicDemo\NewRelicDemo\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\hieutrinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewRelicDemo\NewRelicDemo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\hieutrinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewRelicDemo\NewRelicDemo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\hieutrinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewRelicDemo\NewRelicDemo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\hieutrinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewRelicDemo\NewRelicDemo\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\hieutrinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewRelicDemo\NewRelicDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\hieutrinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewRelicDemo\NewRelicDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\hieutrinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewRelicDemo\NewRelicDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\hieutrinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewRelicDemo\NewRelicDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\hieutrinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewRelicDemo\NewRelicDemo\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\hieutrinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewRelicDemo\NewRelicDemo\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\hieutrinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewRelicDemo\NewRelicDemo\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\hieutrinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewRelicDemo\NewRelicDemo\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\hieutrinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewRelicDemo\NewRelicDemo\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\hieutrinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewRelicDemo\NewRelicDemo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\hieutrinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewRelicDemo\NewRelicDemo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\hieutrinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewRelicDemo\NewRelicDemo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\hieutrinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewRelicDemo\NewRelicDemo\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\hieutrinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewRelicDemo\NewRelicDemo\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\hieutrinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewRelicDemo\NewRelicDemo\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\hieutrinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewRelicDemo\NewRelicDemo\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\hieutrinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewRelicDemo\NewRelicDemo\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\hieutrinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewRelicDemo\NewRelicDemo\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\hieutrinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewRelicDemo\NewRelicDemo\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\hieutrinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewRelicDemo\NewRelicDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\hieutrinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewRelicDemo\NewRelicDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\hieutrinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewRelicDemo\NewRelicDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\hieutrinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewRelicDemo\NewRelicDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\hieutrinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewRelicDemo\NewRelicDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\hieutrinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewRelicDemo\NewRelicDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\hieutrinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewRelicDemo\NewRelicDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\hieutrinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewRelicDemo\NewRelicDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\hieutrinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewRelicDemo\NewRelicDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\hieutrinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewRelicDemo\NewRelicDemo\obj\Debug\NewRelicDemo.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\hieutrinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewRelicDemo\NewRelicDemo\obj\Debug\NewRelicDemo.dll
c:\users\hieutrinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewRelicDemo\NewRelicDemo\obj\Debug\NewRelicDemo.pdb
C:\Users\hieutrinh\Documents\project-starter-setup\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\hieutrinh\Documents\project-starter-setup\bin\NewRelicDemo.dll.config
C:\Users\hieutrinh\Documents\project-starter-setup\bin\NewRelicDemo.dll
C:\Users\hieutrinh\Documents\project-starter-setup\bin\NewRelicDemo.pdb
C:\Users\hieutrinh\Documents\project-starter-setup\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\hieutrinh\Documents\project-starter-setup\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\hieutrinh\Documents\project-starter-setup\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\hieutrinh\Documents\project-starter-setup\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\hieutrinh\Documents\project-starter-setup\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\hieutrinh\Documents\project-starter-setup\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\hieutrinh\Documents\project-starter-setup\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\hieutrinh\Documents\project-starter-setup\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\hieutrinh\Documents\project-starter-setup\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.xml
C:\Users\hieutrinh\Documents\project-starter-setup\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\hieutrinh\Documents\project-starter-setup\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\hieutrinh\Documents\project-starter-setup\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\hieutrinh\Documents\project-starter-setup\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\hieutrinh\Documents\project-starter-setup\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\hieutrinh\Documents\project-starter-setup\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\hieutrinh\Documents\project-starter-setup\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\hieutrinh\Documents\project-starter-setup\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\hieutrinh\Documents\project-starter-setup\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\hieutrinh\Documents\project-starter-setup\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\hieutrinh\Documents\project-starter-setup\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\hieutrinh\Documents\project-starter-setup\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\hieutrinh\Documents\project-starter-setup\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\hieutrinh\Documents\project-starter-setup\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\hieutrinh\Documents\project-starter-setup\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\hieutrinh\Documents\project-starter-setup\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\hieutrinh\Documents\project-starter-setup\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\hieutrinh\Documents\project-starter-setup\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\hieutrinh\Documents\project-starter-setup\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\hieutrinh\Documents\project-starter-setup\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\hieutrinh\Documents\project-starter-setup\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\hieutrinh\Documents\project-starter-setup\obj\Debug\NewRelicDemo.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\hieutrinh\Documents\project-starter-setup\obj\Debug\NewRelicDemo.dll
C:\Users\hieutrinh\Documents\project-starter-setup\obj\Debug\NewRelicDemo.pdb
